# Spoton recruitment task

**[Click here for live preview](https://ver0s.github.io/spoton-recruitment/)**
Alternatively you can download the code, type `npm install` and run it locally.

**What could be improved if I had more time:**

-   Right now the whole app is just one component. I didn't break out the form into seperate component for the sake of the assignment but it's the best thing to do if our app would grow in functionality.
-   Implement caching to reduce API calls
-   Better form validation in forms (right now the quantity and price per unit inputs aren't validated as much as I would like them to be)
-   Write some tests, specifically tests in vitest and React Testing Library

**Features:**

-   Basic functionality as described in the assignment
-   Basic form validation (could be improved as stated earlier)
-   On every TaxID input the API calls are debounced with custom hook to reduce the amount of traffic generated by the app. The request will run 500ms after the user has finished typing.
-   After submitting the form it alerts form data in a JSON format to the user. Then the form is reset.

**Technologies used:**

-   Typescript
-   Tailwind
-   Vite
-   Eslint
-   Prettier
-   RadixUI (specifically the [form primitive](https://www.radix-ui.com/docs/primitives/components/form))

Please note that (at least in my case) the github pages preview doesn't seem to work correctly when adblock is enabled for the page. So if you encounter any weird bugs then turing off adblock may help.
